Task fine tuner (#8)
UMassCDS/inaturalist-sinr: README.md

Contact Ozel with errors if any.

> ### 🎛️ Fine Tuning

Reviewer: actually can we turn this into bullet points? 

1. Extract Data: To extract data do this []. otherwise there's a sample.csv at `inaturalist-sinr/data/annotation`
2. Configure Parameters: 
3. Setup a unity environment to run jobs
4. run the fine tuning job

Make sure you have followed the steps for downloading training data and pretrained models described above.

> To extract annotation data from iNatAtor, use `data_extraction.ipynb` or `data_extraction.py` (to submit as jobs). You will need to confidure a .env that has connection secrets. If your database is running in your local computer and you want to use unity to extract data as a job you will need to build a tunnel. For development and testing I suggest running this script on the same computer as your database and then upload the .csv file into unity to `inaturalist-sinr/data/annotation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To extract annotation data from iNatAtor, use `data_extraction.ipynb` or `data_extraction.py` (to submit as jobs). You will need to configure a .env that has connection secrets. If your database is running in your local computer and you want to use unity to extract data as a job you will need to build a tunnel. For development, I suggest running this script on the same computer as your database and then upload the .csv file into unity to `inaturalist-sinr/data/annotation`.
```
